1. For the stock ticker search at the top:* Specific width. The same width as the Watchlists component beneath it. * In the list, display on the left side theTicker in a larger bolded font size with the security name underneath it in a much smaller and plain font to accommodate the longer text. On the right side of the list it should show the latest price quote. Please see the screen shot of the Apple Stocks app as this is generally the style and content I am trying to achieve.The current design has an input field and a search button next to it. I do not want a search button. The list should update based on user input into the search bar. * Should we keep the existing StockSearch component and just move/modify it? We will need to modify the StockSearch component significantly so we can keep it and modify it or rewrite it. Your call. 2. For the TradingView chart controls:* Time ranges should be 1D, 5D, 1M, 3M, 1Y, 3Y, All, and custom range. I think that a dropdown menu would be the best UI control to conserve space in the UI and reduce visual clutter. * Time intervals should be 1min, 5min, 15min, 1H, 2H,4H, 1D, 1W, 1M) I think that a dropdown menu would be the best UI control to conserve space in the UI and reduce visual clutter. * For indicators, I think there needs to be 2 UI elements. 1) A dropdown menu that enables the user to check or uncheck the indicators in the list. The top item in the list is Hide and should be selected by default. When the user selects indicators, the Hide item becomes unselected. When Hide is selected again, all the indicators are hidden from the chart, but the selected indicators remain selected, just hidden * The indicators available by default should be . The indicators in the list should be SMA (20), SMA (50), SMA (150), SMA (200), Support, Resistance, Bollinger Bands (20), RSI (14), MACD (12, 26, 9). Numbers in parenthesis are the number setting(s) for the indicator. 3. For the chart layout:* The chart should take up the full width of the content area. * The chart height should be responsive* We should add zoom +/-, fullscreen, and chart reset controls.4. For the data integration:* We should use whatever data providers are specified in the app’s settings. For historical, non-real time data, we can use Yahoo Finance by default. For any data not available from Yahoo finance fallback to Tiingo. For live real-time market data we can use Tiingo, and fall back to Polygon. * We should provide real-time updates (max update frequency of 1 minute) on the chart when the market is open and when available1				? 2022 Prismo Systems, Inc.